Thank you.
Are you entirely able to use production materials or something?
[SPEAKER_09]: Conrad needs to hurry back and get that clock adjusted again.
[SPEAKER_09]: Yeah, pull off.
[SPEAKER_07]: Just a few minutes.
[SPEAKER_07]: Ben was trying to set the wind of church a little fast.
[SPEAKER_07]: So the pastor gets done quicker.
[SPEAKER_01]: Especially during football season.
[SPEAKER_02]: Are you referring to the clock that is inside the clock text?
[SPEAKER_02]: That is all too.
[SPEAKER_02]: Is it?
Yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: It is.
[SPEAKER_02]: Kind of.
[SPEAKER_02]: No, I mean the wall clock.
[SPEAKER_02]: The clock text is a little bit off.
[SPEAKER_01]: Just a bad day.
[SPEAKER_01]: There's a big gap between five and six.
[SPEAKER_01]: Maybe we should have bought a better cloth.
[SPEAKER_06]: I think they're going for the gimmick.
[SPEAKER_06]: Look at the word clock at the top middle.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, it is like there's a bump between L.O.C.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, do you know those projections as we sit on the table?
[SPEAKER_01]: It's up there
[SPEAKER_09]: Hi folks, I'm sorry I'm a little late.
[SPEAKER_09]: You are not late compared to our cloud.
[SPEAKER_07]: Just discussing that.
[SPEAKER_09]: Right on time.
[SPEAKER_09]: Hello Krishna, everyone.
[SPEAKER_09]: Krishna, welcome folks.
[SPEAKER_09]: Nice to meet you.
[SPEAKER_09]: What?
[SPEAKER_09]: So this meeting is basically just
[SPEAKER_09]: Introducing everybody, kind of getting our feet wet on what we're doing and what we want to do.
[SPEAKER_09]: and yeah just go from there see where it takes us
[SPEAKER_09]: So Krishna, just to give you some
[SPEAKER_09]: Introductions to us.
[SPEAKER_09]: You already know Chris.
[SPEAKER_09]: Men on the yellow.
[SPEAKER_09]: I'm Adam.
[SPEAKER_09]: You've already met me.
[SPEAKER_09]: You haven't met me in person yet.
[SPEAKER_09]: So I hope...
[SPEAKER_09]: lead the development team here in the CAPE office.
[SPEAKER_09]: and we've got a few remote users also.
[SPEAKER_09]: Ethan is our
[SPEAKER_09]: leader of the finance team, which is the one that we're
[SPEAKER_09]: kinda gonna get our feet wet with you on.
[SPEAKER_09]: And then Ethan is leader of Psy.
[SPEAKER_09]: And here, and then we got Matt and Travis both remote.
[SPEAKER_09]: So they're also on 8-15.
[SPEAKER_09]: And then also in the room I've got Scott here.
[SPEAKER_09]: leading our triage team slash
[SPEAKER_09]: IT support guy for any tickets that come in and we're
[SPEAKER_09]: Kind of building that as we go also.
[SPEAKER_09]: That's something that we just started.
[SPEAKER_09]: And then Chris Kelly at the end of the table is leading our automation
[SPEAKER_09]: testing team.
[SPEAKER_09]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_09]: And then along with him we've got
[SPEAKER_09]: Mason?
[SPEAKER_09]: Mason is on his team.
[SPEAKER_09]: he's gonna start focusing on the finance guys
[SPEAKER_09]: programs and then Matt Hendricks on the call also is
[SPEAKER_09]: the leader of our manual testing team.
[SPEAKER_09]: Oh, him and Chris work heavily together on the testing side of things.
[SPEAKER_09]: Hello.
[SPEAKER_00]: Hello, guys.
[SPEAKER_00]: I have to apologize in advance if I ask again.
[SPEAKER_00]: No, no problem.
[SPEAKER_00]: We make notes of all the names, but
[SPEAKER_00]: And what do you guys do?
[SPEAKER_00]: But if there's something written up somewhere that you have
[SPEAKER_00]: We can write that up for you.
[SPEAKER_09]: Yeah, we can do that.
[SPEAKER_09]: Krishna, do you want to say anything about yourself at all?
[SPEAKER_00]: I'll just quickly introduce myself from my background.
[SPEAKER_00]: I started out my career as a software developer way back at Oracle.
[SPEAKER_00]: And then that was right after grad school.
[SPEAKER_00]: through science masters.
[SPEAKER_00]: And then I decided I was going to work at Oracle.
[SPEAKER_00]: It was a great place to be and practice all the software.
[SPEAKER_00]: back then, you know, practices that had learned in grad school and all that.
[SPEAKER_00]: After that, I decided I wanted to work at
[SPEAKER_00]: small medium-sized companies and I have since then worked at many different companies
[SPEAKER_00]: I also got an MBA and moved away from software engineering software development.
[SPEAKER_00]: into more the client side of the business where
[SPEAKER_00]: You talk to customers, you talk to users of your software,
[SPEAKER_00]: figure out what the pain points are, and then you
[SPEAKER_00]: then I would go talk to the engineering teams and say,
[SPEAKER_00]: the requirements.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's broadly speaking what I do.
[SPEAKER_00]: But there's a lot more of that to the product function.
[SPEAKER_00]: The thing that is most relevant here is
[SPEAKER_00]: Since about 2013, I have been involved in
[SPEAKER_00]: Agile teams and agile means
[SPEAKER_00]: many different things to do.
[SPEAKER_00]: every company that tries to practice it.
[SPEAKER_00]: And there's many variations of
[SPEAKER_00]: There is no correct agile leverage from what I have seen in my
[SPEAKER_00]: 14 years of doing this.
[SPEAKER_00]: But it's really something that, you know,
[SPEAKER_00]: you adopt and it works for your
[SPEAKER_00]: your attorney team, as well as your clients that you serve.
[SPEAKER_00]: finance in a company, one client.
[SPEAKER_00]: There's many other clients in your company.
[SPEAKER_00]: So, but the key elements of this is trying to,
[SPEAKER_00]: For all our additional conversations,
[SPEAKER_00]: that we had last time, it seems like there's a little frustration in the minds of
[SPEAKER_00]: in terms of what they are getting versus what they thought they asked
[SPEAKER_00]: There's a gap, it seems like.
[SPEAKER_00]: And what I've...
[SPEAKER_00]: experience prior.
[SPEAKER_00]: teams is the product function.
[SPEAKER_00]: the product manager, my role is really to be the go between you guys
[SPEAKER_00]: and the clients and what that means is I am talking to these folks, the clients,
[SPEAKER_00]: on a fairly regular basis, and regular is the key thing.
[SPEAKER_00]: You know, regularly I go talk to them,
[SPEAKER_00]: get a sense of, hey, what are your pain points with what you're using right now?
[SPEAKER_00]: What's not working?
[SPEAKER_00]: What is working?
[SPEAKER_00]: What do we need to change, right?
[SPEAKER_00]: And I translate those conversations into
[SPEAKER_00]: Agile Speak, which would work for you guys.
[SPEAKER_00]: What are the user personas?
[SPEAKER_00]: What are the epics?
[SPEAKER_00]: What are the user stories in these epics?
[SPEAKER_00]: What are the examples criteria?
[SPEAKER_00]: Can you put together a UX and a markup of what
[SPEAKER_00]: this thing should look like.
[SPEAKER_00]: And then we
[SPEAKER_00]: work together, you guys in the room and myself,
[SPEAKER_00]: and we put them back to develop what these guys want.
[SPEAKER_00]: And then, what?
[SPEAKER_00]: The word regular will keep coming up, which is really key.
[SPEAKER_00]: that gap between what they think they asked for and what they got.
[SPEAKER_00]: That gap should not exist and it really didn't.
[SPEAKER_00]: keep coming up from time to time because people, if you have a conversation on day one,
[SPEAKER_00]: And on day 45, you deliver something to these clients
[SPEAKER_00]: that's a lot of days that have passed between
[SPEAKER_00]: what they thought they wanted and what they think they're getting.
[SPEAKER_00]: So that gap needs to reduce.
[SPEAKER_00]: So what I mean by that is, okay,
[SPEAKER_00]: If you do sprints, is it a two-week sprint, is it a week sprint, whatever it is,
[SPEAKER_00]: coming up with an iterative development process where
[SPEAKER_00]: Even if you haven't completely delivered all of the bells and whistles, all the buttons in the UI,
[SPEAKER_00]: you at least give them
[SPEAKER_00]: a UI that has the
[SPEAKER_00]: major elements in it so that they can start looking at it
[SPEAKER_00]: after the first week, after the second week, whatever it is.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I'm talking to them.
[SPEAKER_00]: you know every week let's say uh and so
[SPEAKER_00]: the best way to think of that is iterative versus incremental.
[SPEAKER_00]: This is a classic, and if you Google it, you'll find it.
[SPEAKER_00]: the Mona Lisa painting, there's two ways to develop the Mona Lisa painting.
[SPEAKER_00]: One is the iterative process where you draw an outline of the entire
[SPEAKER_00]: Mona Lisa in the painting.
[SPEAKER_00]: And then that's the first
[SPEAKER_00]: from this brick, first brick.
[SPEAKER_00]: And then every subsequent sprint you start to fill it out.
[SPEAKER_00]: You put more colors in paintings and color the hair.
[SPEAKER_00]: the face and all that stuff.
[SPEAKER_00]: But the client
[SPEAKER_00]: sees that initial drop from the first sprint and they're like,
[SPEAKER_00]: There's no gap between what they thought they wanted versus what they're starting to get.
[SPEAKER_00]: And so in each subsequent sprint, you iterate through and you start building out the painting.
[SPEAKER_00]: And at the end of it, they see what they've got.
[SPEAKER_00]: Now, that's one approach.
[SPEAKER_00]: The other approach is IKRA metal where you tape the top left corner of the Mona Lisa paint
[SPEAKER_00]: You fill out all the details of, you know,
[SPEAKER_00]: her face, or maybe just the face, right, in the first break.
[SPEAKER_00]: but none of the other parts of the painting.
[SPEAKER_00]: And then you show that to the client and they're like, wait a minute, this is not what I asked for.
[SPEAKER_00]: So the gap starts to develop, right?
[SPEAKER_00]: So that's my long-winded way of saying, you know,
[SPEAKER_00]: My role here will be to help you guys get some kind of a process
[SPEAKER_00]: where we start to do an iterative process
[SPEAKER_00]: delivery to these clients so that there is no gap or if there is a gap it is fairly quickly
[SPEAKER_00]: fixed block.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's the point.
[SPEAKER_00]: from the initial conversation that may seem like the pain point in the process, but I don't know.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's my value add here, so I'll stop talking.
[SPEAKER_00]: Any thoughts or any reactions?
[SPEAKER_03]: That sounds great, honestly.
[SPEAKER_03]: We could definitely use some more structure like that.
[SPEAKER_03]: I think the thing that I'm curious about most
[SPEAKER_03]: is seeing how this will fit into our team
[SPEAKER_03]: I think a lot of the teams here deal with this but like I think for ours it's
[SPEAKER_03]: Worst is that we support, I guess,
[SPEAKER_03]: probably like three or four main groups of users which I guess
[SPEAKER_03]: about the finance side of things, but we also deal with some of the HR stuff and sales.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm just kind of curious how that's going to look with like sprints and stuff whenever we have
[SPEAKER_03]: Lots of tiny little things to do on all these different apps and different
[SPEAKER_03]: times versus working on one big feature or epic at a time?
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm kind of curious, I guess.
[SPEAKER_00]: So I think we want to start small.
[SPEAKER_00]: So what I mean by that is if right now you're saying the finance and accounting team is
[SPEAKER_00]: that client is
[SPEAKER_00]: the most hopeful, let's say, or the one that's had, that's been most...
[SPEAKER_00]: make the most noise, let's start with acting, right?
[SPEAKER_00]: So let's focus on what their needs are or what their
[SPEAKER_00]: points are and focus on trying to
[SPEAKER_00]: internally our process, setting it up so that we can
[SPEAKER_00]: you know, reduce this gap between what they think they ask for
[SPEAKER_00]: when they get it, what they think they ask for.
[SPEAKER_00]: That gap needs to
[SPEAKER_00]: come back and we need to get rid of that gap.
[SPEAKER_00]: And the way we're gonna do that is, well, I'm jumping ahead, I have to dive into your process and all that stuff.
[SPEAKER_00]: we need to get that gap reduced.
[SPEAKER_00]: So let's start with that.
[SPEAKER_00]: And yes, you're serving more than one client.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'm going to just use the word client.
[SPEAKER_00]: you know, user groups.
[SPEAKER_00]: And then once we have this working
[SPEAKER_00]: prove this as a proof point, this process that we're putting in place, it works.
[SPEAKER_00]: this client.
[SPEAKER_00]: Now let's then go find the next client.
[SPEAKER_00]: and then refine.
[SPEAKER_00]: And so starting small would be the best way to do this.
[SPEAKER_00]: And you'll find that we have to, each iteration, I don't know
[SPEAKER_00]: So every sprint, we have a retrospective.
[SPEAKER_00]: We stop and say, hey, what worked?
[SPEAKER_00]: what did not work, what needs to change, right?
[SPEAKER_00]: And what do we,
[SPEAKER_00]: There's three questions we ask, and so we ask those questions.
[SPEAKER_00]: of ourselves and then go around the room and just
[SPEAKER_00]: take that feedback and tweak the process and go to the next spring.
[SPEAKER_00]: that is going to be useful.
[SPEAKER_00]: And so once we have something working for one
[SPEAKER_00]: client, then we go off and
[SPEAKER_00]: work with the next team, next team, next team.
[SPEAKER_00]: roll this out.
[SPEAKER_00]: In terms of
[SPEAKER_00]: of the product management function.
[SPEAKER_00]: I've mentioned this to Christopher as well.
[SPEAKER_00]: I am one person and I have only so many hours with you guys.
[SPEAKER_00]: We may bring in more faults, but let's first prove this as a process that it works.
[SPEAKER_00]: Then we can look at rolling this out to other teams and other clients.
[SPEAKER_00]: Does that make sense?
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_09]: And just to add to that, something that we're keeping in mind as a
[SPEAKER_09]: an overall team, I say team,
[SPEAKER_09]: I guess is better used for that.
[SPEAKER_09]: The team structure is and has been
[SPEAKER_09]: the way it has been for I don't know how many years now, four or five?
[SPEAKER_09]: We're open-minded on if
[SPEAKER_09]: the team structure the way it is currently
[SPEAKER_09]: housed to where we have roughly four
[SPEAKER_09]: I guess three or four guys on each team.
[SPEAKER_09]: that will work on this group of applications.
[SPEAKER_09]: If it makes more sense to do it a different way, whether it's
[SPEAKER_09]: just blowing it all up and not have teams and just.
[SPEAKER_09]: kind of give a project to a certain amount of people or developers or
[SPEAKER_09]: it down into smaller teams to where they're focused more on certain things.
[SPEAKER_09]: We're open to anything like that, so just keep that in your mind if we're
[SPEAKER_09]: if we get into talking about these things and you notice that
[SPEAKER_09]: like the ones that are more vocal,
[SPEAKER_09]: are always going to be the ones that get their applications worked on the most.
[SPEAKER_09]: think about it a little bit different on the team side.
[SPEAKER_00]: Absolutely.
[SPEAKER_00]: the advantage of just doing this small approach is
[SPEAKER_00]: you've got an existing, the analogy I use is,
[SPEAKER_00]: You're on a cruise in the middle of the Pacific.
[SPEAKER_00]: You're on a ship.
[SPEAKER_00]: and you're trying to change an engine part because there's something not working with.
[SPEAKER_00]: But the ship needs to keep going.
[SPEAKER_00]: So you cannot just stop the ship
[SPEAKER_00]: replace the entire engine and then start again.
[SPEAKER_00]: We have to keep cruising.
[SPEAKER_00]: uh so you take a small part of that engine you replace it and then hopefully that
[SPEAKER_00]: satisfies the people on deck that were complaining about that engine park.
[SPEAKER_00]: You don't want to have to stop everything or start plugging things willy-nilly
[SPEAKER_00]: where everybody on desktop is complaining.
[SPEAKER_00]: So you don't want all your client teams
[SPEAKER_00]: getting really mad at you.
[SPEAKER_00]: Let's just take the really small piece.
[SPEAKER_00]: and replace that engine in
[SPEAKER_00]: the middle of your cruise, so.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah, and that makes it easy.
[SPEAKER_00]: But but yeah, thank you that you can stand back once we have
[SPEAKER_00]: one or two or three clients happy with whatever process we end up with
[SPEAKER_00]: then we can step back and say, is there a more efficient way to deliver
[SPEAKER_00]: what these clients are asking for and maybe the
[SPEAKER_00]: arrange the teams or broader process, but that's.
[SPEAKER_00]: Got a zest, you know, it's like small.
[SPEAKER_09]: That works.
[SPEAKER_09]: Just going through some of the lists that you sent out in the meeting invite.
[SPEAKER_09]: We are getting you an account set up and a VM to remote into to kind of look at
[SPEAKER_09]: everything we have, so that'll be shortcoming.
[SPEAKER_09]: The next one was walk through existing functionality.
[SPEAKER_00]: I don't know how deep I want to get into that.
[SPEAKER_00]: Go ahead.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah, I think this may have to wait for a little bit.
[SPEAKER_00]: What I'm trying to do is to get my arms around all of this stuff.
[SPEAKER_00]: The people, the processes,
[SPEAKER_00]: the technology, what you guys have built, all that stuff.
[SPEAKER_00]: Once I have the login, maybe you can, once I have the setup, maybe something.
[SPEAKER_00]: even if you could walk me through what's, you know,
[SPEAKER_00]: what they're using, the client, the accounting team?
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_00]: And then I also want to dive into the process that
[SPEAKER_00]: your team is using, you know,
[SPEAKER_00]: Adam, you mentioned you guys use Jira as well.
[SPEAKER_00]: if i can get my content here i would look at uh
[SPEAKER_09]: And then we also have it synced up to the DevOps side where these guys mainly work out of.
[SPEAKER_07]: And we also have a Confluence knowledge base.
[SPEAKER_07]: We have a confluence knowledge base that's tied into that as well.
[SPEAKER_00]: And do the clients take a look at the conference pages at all?
[SPEAKER_09]: No, those are mostly internally for now.
[SPEAKER_09]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_09]: I don't know if we really have any KBs out there for that kind of stuff.
[SPEAKER_09]: Yeah those are mostly just internal for us as developers.
[SPEAKER_00]: Okay, so in terms of community,
[SPEAKER_00]: maybe this is diving into the process now, but
[SPEAKER_00]: when you either you've got
[SPEAKER_00]: certain set of features that economy wants now
[SPEAKER_00]: Could you talk a little bit about the process that exists now
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, currently, usually what we'll do is
[SPEAKER_03]: Most of the time, the clients will reach out to me
[SPEAKER_03]: and they'll kind of explain what they want and we'll talk through it and stuff and then I will go
[SPEAKER_03]: either onto JIRA, we've started using that more now,
[SPEAKER_03]: or sometimes directly into DevOps, but we'll create the work items there like user stories or
[SPEAKER_03]: issues, you know, depending on what it is.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'll communicate, like, so our team, the finance team,
[SPEAKER_03]: meet like every morning around I think 8.30 we kind of discuss like what we're working on currently and
[SPEAKER_03]: what we did the day before.
[SPEAKER_03]: that's usually when we'll kind of figure out who's gonna work on what
[SPEAKER_03]: we'll just put that into an iteration but we don't have like a very
[SPEAKER_03]: I guess structured process.
[SPEAKER_03]: We tried on our most recent project to follow something
[SPEAKER_03]: more agile like where we did sprints like we did like one month sprints
[SPEAKER_03]: But typically we just kind of work on these as they come in and then we'll group.
[SPEAKER_03]: group up a couple of issues or user stories together into one release and then push it out and
[SPEAKER_03]: Usually at that point we'll communicate either over teams or phone call with the users and let them know that that's out.
[SPEAKER_00]: Just diving into the actual intake itself,
[SPEAKER_00]: So the client folks know to contact you.
[SPEAKER_00]: You're the point of contact for things that they want.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_00]: And so they just call you?
[SPEAKER_00]: Not anymore.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'm trying to get away from that.
[SPEAKER_04]: Which that flow is part of like
[SPEAKER_04]: What we were reaching out to you for like look at this
[SPEAKER_04]: what Ethan described and that flow had been
[SPEAKER_04]: I mean, detrimental might be an overstatement, but it really impacted
[SPEAKER_04]: his personal workflow and his team's workflow.
[SPEAKER_04]: We've been trying to move that up like what Adam had said Scott's been doing.
[SPEAKER_04]: he and his team are triaging those calls, but a lot of the
[SPEAKER_04]: migration to that hasn't been super smooth with the with the user base because they
[SPEAKER_04]: they have this feeling that really Ethan's the only person they can talk to and so
[SPEAKER_04]: so what's ended up happening a lot of times they'll call Scott and Scott will attempt to
[SPEAKER_04]: troubleshoot the problem and at the end of the day they'll just say, we need to talk to Ethan.
[SPEAKER_09]: Just growing pains on knowledge.
[SPEAKER_04]: And so we're working on trying to like, and Scott's been doing a great job on
[SPEAKER_04]: gathering as much information as he can to kind of
[SPEAKER_04]: I guess prime Ethan for what's coming.
[SPEAKER_04]: but we haven't quite made that transition yet to where
[SPEAKER_04]: Ethan's not having to feel so much of that himself.
[SPEAKER_00]: And Scott, how often do you meet with these folks, with the client team, the accounting folks?
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, I haven't yet.
[SPEAKER_09]: So you haven't?
[SPEAKER_09]: It's basically when they're calling is when we're meeting them.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't really have a good working relationship with most of them.
[SPEAKER_07]: I have been to some of the plants and some of the teams, but not all of them.
[SPEAKER_00]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_00]: The accounting folks specifically, how often do they
[SPEAKER_00]: Yes, they're the ones that are most vocal right now, but
[SPEAKER_00]: How often do they vocalize?
[SPEAKER_00]: I'm trying to get a sense of, you know,
[SPEAKER_00]: the actual intake process in detail.
[SPEAKER_00]: How do they just call you Ethan every day?
[SPEAKER_00]: I mean, it's like.
[SPEAKER_02]: how often they run into a problem.
[SPEAKER_03]: they don't usually put in tickets like as soon as they run into an issue usually they will
[SPEAKER_03]: call directly and ask to speak to me.
[SPEAKER_03]: or sometimes Psy now, but
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, I'd say it depends, but anywhere from...
[SPEAKER_03]: three to 20 times a week, it just really depends.
[SPEAKER_03]: But yeah sometimes it'll be seven or eight times in a single day.
[SPEAKER_00]: And they want to use emails to communicate, right?
[SPEAKER_00]: It's basically phone calls.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's their preferred guess.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_07]: We're trying to get
[SPEAKER_07]: them to go through me right now they call one number
[SPEAKER_07]: and it comes to Adam or I, and we get an issue put in,
[SPEAKER_07]: if they'll explain it to us.
[SPEAKER_07]: Many times it will be, I just need to talk to Ethan.
[SPEAKER_07]: So I've been trying to keep notes on those types of things and
[SPEAKER_07]: when I can ahead of time to keep a history of what's going on.
[SPEAKER_04]: And for minors, those calls could be anything, too.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, absolutely.
[SPEAKER_04]: It could be like almost a network down.
[SPEAKER_04]: issue that they're experiencing that really needs to be looked at now.
[SPEAKER_04]: It could be something they're thinking of on the current most recent release.
[SPEAKER_04]: It could be
[SPEAKER_04]: little thing that's bugging them or it could just be a hypothetical like hey
[SPEAKER_04]: what if we decide to do this, is that doable?
[SPEAKER_04]: I mean, it can range.
[SPEAKER_04]: of any of those things.
[SPEAKER_03]: Or even sometimes like,
[SPEAKER_03]: Just like, hey, can you write me like a query, like a SQL query that will find this information?
[SPEAKER_03]: Sure.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, one time I had a call that was like,
[SPEAKER_01]: Jordan literally just fixed it right as I answered the call, so it was great.
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean that is
[SPEAKER_02]: natural behavior to them i mean even for us if we have some credit card issue
[SPEAKER_02]: that charge cord
[SPEAKER_02]: by some reason we just want to get to the direct person and
[SPEAKER_02]: get it resolved instead of writing emails or chatting through a customer.
[SPEAKER_09]: They have that avenue, that's what they want.
[SPEAKER_07]: They get requests through email, Teams, Slack.
[SPEAKER_07]: There are various ways this happens.
[SPEAKER_07]: it will bypass the initial triage intake.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'll say that's been a hurdle for us like doing in house
[SPEAKER_04]: any in-house IT since as long as I've been here is that
[SPEAKER_04]: Anytime I've tried to operate or do something like an IT shop would
[SPEAKER_04]: like a third party IT shop providing a service.
[SPEAKER_04]: where we kind of set up the contractual guidelines and we define the flow.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's been a struggle here because
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm not saying we're not on the same team, we are all on the same team, but there's this tendency to believe that
[SPEAKER_04]: any sort of structure or hierarchy we want to
[SPEAKER_04]: put in is a roadblock to us really working together.
[SPEAKER_04]: We all work for WW, so if the accounting team has a question, they should just be able to call and talk to
[SPEAKER_04]: any developer they want because we're all working for the same team.
[SPEAKER_04]: They're dedicated.
[SPEAKER_04]: We have a team dedicated to them
[SPEAKER_04]: And so as soon as we put in any structure of like, well, you need to call this number or email this ticket in,
[SPEAKER_04]: It's, well, no, that's impacting my workflow.
[SPEAKER_04]: So I'm not going to do that because we're all on the same team here.
[SPEAKER_04]: You can see what I mean.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's not.
[SPEAKER_04]: We've had trouble offering.
[SPEAKER_04]: operating as a software shop and I'm not saying we should
[SPEAKER_04]: operate everything as if we're a third party.
[SPEAKER_04]: We've hit resistance there in the past.
[SPEAKER_00]: That is a big problem because it's not
[SPEAKER_00]: Yes, it impacts the client's workflow.
[SPEAKER_00]: On the flip side, it is affecting Ethan and all the delivery teams.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's affecting your workflow if you are working on something and get interrupted, right?
[SPEAKER_00]: It doesn't, it's not an optimal situation.
[SPEAKER_00]: probably because we may have to take this offline to bubble this up.
[SPEAKER_00]: This is a process change.
[SPEAKER_00]: that will need to get signed up from
[SPEAKER_04]: And that's what I would hope that at the end of the day I feel like if we
[SPEAKER_04]: If we do like what you described well and we build out this product
[SPEAKER_04]: product management system well yeah i think that a lot of the other
[SPEAKER_04]: Because, I mean, they're not hard enough.
[SPEAKER_04]: to work with.
[SPEAKER_04]: I mean they easily acknowledge that they want to be respectful of these guys time just as
[SPEAKER_04]: So they're not, they're not
[SPEAKER_04]: problematic in that sense, but I think that that gap in expectations you were talking about
[SPEAKER_04]: I feel like if we can close that and really do product management well and customer service well, I think that it will
[SPEAKER_04]: it will alleviate a lot of the other issues.
[SPEAKER_04]: And like you said, the regular communication,
[SPEAKER_04]: if they're being regularly heard and their needs are being addressed and questions being answered,
[SPEAKER_04]: I think that a lot of the other stuff will slowly make itself not an issue anymore
you
[SPEAKER_00]: Absolutely.
[SPEAKER_00]: So this, Scott, you're driving the reality, right?
[SPEAKER_00]: you
[SPEAKER_00]: That is a really good idea because you want to separate out the
[SPEAKER_00]: Network down versus, you know, network is up and running, but this button is not doing what it's supposed to do.
[SPEAKER_00]: versus I want a new button.
[SPEAKER_00]: You can split them up into three categories of
[SPEAKER_00]: burning building something that currently you know the plumbing is broken fix it right now
[SPEAKER_00]: Versus, you know, so that is an absolutely
[SPEAKER_00]: critical part of the intake when we need them to buy into that process.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's great that you guys are already thinking about that and put that in place.
[SPEAKER_00]: So that process needs to
[SPEAKER_00]: be adhered to, it needs to not jump into, hey, get Ethan on the phone.
[SPEAKER_00]: Ethan is not available anymore.
[SPEAKER_00]: He's left the building.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's going to be difficult, but we'll get there, I think.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'm joking.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'm just .
[SPEAKER_00]: That intake process is really key.
[SPEAKER_00]: you need to free up Ethan and their team to have even more
[SPEAKER_00]: rational list of, hey, here's all this stuff, we priaged it,
[SPEAKER_00]: this brain, you gotta do this work, right?
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, if Ethan left the building, where who is that?
[SPEAKER_02]: Right?
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, there's a lot of that.
[SPEAKER_04]: And that's why I like having triage and product management
[SPEAKER_04]: as these buffers between, like you said, with intake between the rest of the
[SPEAKER_04]: all the clients and the engineers and the dev team.
[SPEAKER_04]: I think if we implement that and they're satisfied with what the deliverables are, I don't think it will
[SPEAKER_04]: I think it will move away from like as Ethan said
[SPEAKER_04]: here, oh no Ethan, what about Si, what about Jacob, I think that
[SPEAKER_04]: if they know that when they come into triage or product development,
[SPEAKER_04]: they know they're cared for, and they're going to get what they need, and I think it will take care of itself.
[SPEAKER_04]: And maybe I'm too idealistic.
[SPEAKER_02]: I would like to give a small input on this topic.
[SPEAKER_02]: for what I have for seven good months.
[SPEAKER_02]: I feel like what we are lacking is one service team.
[SPEAKER_02]: because we have development team but their queries
[SPEAKER_02]: if they can be addressed by a dedicated service team,
[SPEAKER_02]: to answer those service calls, that would help our workflow a lot.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's going to take some of that building that confluence knowledge base out.
[SPEAKER_07]: so that we can handle some more of those issues instead of
[SPEAKER_07]: So I know there are things that come in that just need a script run.
[SPEAKER_07]: If that can be taken care of in triage, that's going to help a lot.
[SPEAKER_07]: And we've got priorities in there that we're starting to implement now as well, but I don't feel like
[SPEAKER_07]: the users really get it.
[SPEAKER_07]: They just feel like, okay, if I put everything in as high priority, it'll just get done fast.
[SPEAKER_04]: yeah so does that give you enough of a snapshot krishna
[SPEAKER_00]: This is good.
[SPEAKER_00]: I think what I would want to do is to
[SPEAKER_00]: you know, value of the triage process as it's done.
[SPEAKER_00]: And then with Ethan on the back end side,
[SPEAKER_00]: detail about the app, you know, JIRA and all of that stuff, the systems and
[SPEAKER_00]: But I am getting a good flavor of where the issues with problems
[SPEAKER_00]: My piece of dishes is so overloaded.
[SPEAKER_00]: But yeah, this is good.
[SPEAKER_00]: I think this is a good discussion.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's not just important for us in the delivery side to have a process.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's very important for the clients to follow
[SPEAKER_00]: It's communication, right?
[SPEAKER_00]: Right now, it's a small company,
[SPEAKER_00]: But it's not.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's a fairly big team here, right?
[SPEAKER_00]: and it's no longer the case that you can just pick up the phone, call Ethan and say, hey, this thing is broke.
[SPEAKER_00]: We have to have some
[SPEAKER_00]: rational processes that everybody follows and conveys.
[SPEAKER_00]: if the conference, and I'm just throwing this out, before I, in accounting,
[SPEAKER_00]: feel like calling Ethan, maybe I take a look at this confidence page and do a little
[SPEAKER_00]: diagnostic myself and say, hey, I'm seeing
[SPEAKER_00]: This error message, let me check if there's something on the Confidence page that talks about that.
[SPEAKER_00]: And so maybe I can help, self help.
[SPEAKER_00]: Maybe I can fix my own problem.
[SPEAKER_00]: Instead of having Ethan, instead of having to call Ethan and say,
[SPEAKER_00]: and see if there's any points out ahead.
[SPEAKER_00]: This has already been documented by Knowledge Base Sphere.
[SPEAKER_00]: Go take a look at that.
[SPEAKER_00]: So maybe that kind of a self-help process would be the first point.
[SPEAKER_00]: for those classes of problems where network is down or
[SPEAKER_00]: Uh...
[SPEAKER_00]: the plumbing is broke.
[SPEAKER_00]: If it's an enhancement request,
[SPEAKER_00]: I in the accounting team just go to
[SPEAKER_00]: JIRA, and I submit an enhancement request.
[SPEAKER_00]: Maybe the form could be made fairly simple enough for me to
[SPEAKER_00]: Understand.
[SPEAKER_00]: And so that work, that intake process, I'm sort of offloading it.
[SPEAKER_00]: what Krishna is suggesting is sharing that responsibility with the client teams
[SPEAKER_00]: giving them enough tools to a diagnose themselves,
[SPEAKER_00]: B submit requests themselves.
[SPEAKER_00]: If that doesn't work, then maybe
[SPEAKER_00]: Spock and the triage team might get on the phone with him.
[SPEAKER_00]: But never call it Ethan.
[SPEAKER_00]: Don't bug Ethan.
[SPEAKER_00]: He's in a sprint.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's a lot.
[SPEAKER_00]: You know, once the sprint starts lockdown, they might let us even no longer available.
[SPEAKER_00]: Because the work has been identified for that spring, and that is all they're going to do.
[SPEAKER_00]: maybe there's a very urgent request that maybe
[SPEAKER_00]: changes the spring backlog.
[SPEAKER_00]: But no, once the spring backlog has been defined,
[SPEAKER_00]: No more, no more, no more.
[SPEAKER_09]: You're getting one of them.
[SPEAKER_09]: Just told him that I got fired.
[SPEAKER_09]: Just told him, yeah, we don't have a finance team anymore.
[SPEAKER_09]: While we go by aliases.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_00]: But you know, those are some ideas we need to explore
[SPEAKER_00]: Can we give these client teams some tools that A,
[SPEAKER_00]: have less than help themselves.
[SPEAKER_00]: and be for burning situations, right?
[SPEAKER_00]: And then B, if they want something in the future, like an enhancement request,
[SPEAKER_00]: They submitted themselves and it goes to Scott and he looks at it and says,
[SPEAKER_00]: you know, yeah, this is a valid and that's my request.
[SPEAKER_00]: engages with the submitter to say, what do you mean?
[SPEAKER_00]: by what you said, maybe.
[SPEAKER_00]: And so we flesh that out as a user story,
[SPEAKER_00]: build a mock-up based on whatever they're looking for and then we say yep
[SPEAKER_00]: You know, there's this set of 10 announcement requests that have come in.
[SPEAKER_00]: Now we've got to prioritize them for the next break.
[SPEAKER_00]: So that's the kind of work me and you spot.
[SPEAKER_00]: and looking at us both as the product management team, the product team,
[SPEAKER_00]: who are going to be interfacing with the client teams.
[SPEAKER_00]: Ethan Moeller talks to the client teams.
[SPEAKER_00]: being a little extreme here.
[SPEAKER_00]: But, you know, the point is once
[SPEAKER_00]: lockdown, Ethan and the team don't get interrupted.
[SPEAKER_00]: Once the sprint is over, there's a small window where, yes,
[SPEAKER_00]: Ethan takes a phone call or two but really we need to get away from that mindset of
[SPEAKER_00]: get on the phone with Ethernet team, that's not going to work, right?
[SPEAKER_00]: That's not going to scale.
[SPEAKER_00]: And so maybe get on the phone with Scott.
[SPEAKER_00]: but it all just have the,
[SPEAKER_00]: getting on the phone should only be sort of last resort but
[SPEAKER_00]: network is down or something is just completely not working then yeah you call Skype because
[SPEAKER_00]: I cannot email or I cannot, you know,
[SPEAKER_00]: I send this live, TV messages or whatever it is.
[SPEAKER_00]: But, you know, and there is a regular cadence.
[SPEAKER_00]: Scott meets with the client
[SPEAKER_00]: We have folks every week, however often he doesn't, right?
[SPEAKER_00]: And that's when they tell them, here's all the list of stuff that
[SPEAKER_00]: It's not working.
[SPEAKER_00]: I want new stuff, whatever it is.
[SPEAKER_00]: And every week we
[SPEAKER_00]: look at the stuff that they've given us from the past week,
[SPEAKER_00]: We organize it, categorize it.
[SPEAKER_00]: feed into the spring backlog, and then we communicate back to the plant team and say,
[SPEAKER_00]: This is what we heard from you guys.
[SPEAKER_00]: This is our plan to address it.
[SPEAKER_00]: you know, look for this thing to come out in the next two weeks, three weeks, whatever it is, right?
[SPEAKER_00]: So that is the intake process.
[SPEAKER_00]: to address the vocal clients who are
[SPEAKER_00]: dissatisfied, but it will require change from both the
[SPEAKER_00]: client site as well as for Skype.
[SPEAKER_00]: But yeah, just getting on the phone with Ethan or something is not working and team.
[SPEAKER_00]: that's the thing that we need to break.
[SPEAKER_00]: Absolutely, let's step in the right direction.
[SPEAKER_00]: But yeah, this is good.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'm getting a sense of it.
[SPEAKER_00]: This is supposed to be, in my mind, this is supposed to be an introduction.
[SPEAKER_00]: You're getting a good intro.
[SPEAKER_00]: We're actually planning a little bit.
[SPEAKER_00]: So what I want to do is
[SPEAKER_00]: Adam, you'll be setting me up with the accounts or someone will be setting me up with the accounts and stuff like that.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah, they're working on that today.
[SPEAKER_00]: Okay, great.
[SPEAKER_00]: So then I can look forward to, you know, I'll set up
[SPEAKER_00]: one-on-one columns, Adam, Ethan, and Scott,
[SPEAKER_00]: that you want to pull in, but I want to stop the intake process
[SPEAKER_00]: How is that working?
[SPEAKER_00]: The triage process.
[SPEAKER_00]: I want to go to the GR.
[SPEAKER_00]: I want to understand the development
[SPEAKER_00]: process itself.
[SPEAKER_00]: I want to look at the actual requirements, how they've been captured,
[SPEAKER_00]: You know, sometimes I can say I want a button or I want
[SPEAKER_00]: Something X but in the way it's been translated into requirements made
[SPEAKER_00]: lead Ethan and the team to build Y and X is not Y and so I want to just
[SPEAKER_00]: Connect the dots from...
[SPEAKER_00]: the words of the client teams to what Ethan receives.
[SPEAKER_00]: And so that again contributes to gap in developing.
[SPEAKER_00]: Mission is a good thing.
[SPEAKER_09]: What kind of gives you an idea of that with
[SPEAKER_09]: Some of our most recent ones, or most recent projects, kind of like that.
[SPEAKER_09]: The Chuck Smith one, I think is a good one to show.
[SPEAKER_09]: of how the process works and what we've gathered from them.
[SPEAKER_09]: and we'll see if it all makes sense to you.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'd like to first just start off with, you know, that list Adam you mentioned
[SPEAKER_00]: who was in the meeting, who was in the team, what did you all...
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah, we can do that.
[SPEAKER_00]: And so then I will also be documenting as we go along
[SPEAKER_00]: what I'm hearing from you, each of you.
[SPEAKER_00]: various parts, the triage process, the intake process,
[SPEAKER_00]: all of that stuff, I'll be putting that stuff in the slides,
[SPEAKER_00]: or whatever it is.
[SPEAKER_00]: And then, you know,
[SPEAKER_00]: I imagine this week will be spent on meeting with each of you
[SPEAKER_00]: separately just to get a sense of deep diving in each area.
[SPEAKER_00]: And then I'll document all of them to a week and say, give me some technical.
[SPEAKER_00]: So I came back and said, but here's all the problems we have.
[SPEAKER_00]: and here's some possible solutions.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's great that you guys have already
[SPEAKER_00]: gotten down this path of kriya so now we need to figure out why it is that that's not
[SPEAKER_09]: taking so and that's that's in an instant stage at this point too where.
[SPEAKER_09]: When we started beginning of the year, close to it.
[SPEAKER_09]: In the spring, maybe?
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, this role itself is really two years old.
[SPEAKER_07]: as of right now
[SPEAKER_07]: Really just started working on the standard operating procedures, the
[SPEAKER_07]: itself over the last couple of months, right?
[SPEAKER_09]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_09]: The idea has been there.
[SPEAKER_09]: Just getting it formalized and
[SPEAKER_09]: Having it put in place to where everybody knows it, that's where we're at right now.
[SPEAKER_00]: Awesome.
[SPEAKER_00]: And then also
[SPEAKER_00]: That's a part of this week I want to dive into the actual
[SPEAKER_00]: Adam, you heard talking about the tech stack and all that, the actual,
[SPEAKER_00]: frameworks and, you know, tools and how, you know,
[SPEAKER_00]: databases and all that stuff.
[SPEAKER_00]: I want to just get a full understanding of that as well, but that's not
[SPEAKER_00]: And the music priority, that's sort of what worked out.
[SPEAKER_00]: The list I think my teeny pigs are just.
[SPEAKER_00]: Now that I've met you all, the next step for me really is to
[SPEAKER_00]: get the account set up, log in and then have Ethan walk me through what is
[SPEAKER_00]: what they're using, the accounting folks and the modules.
[SPEAKER_00]: with features and all of that.
[SPEAKER_00]: And then
[SPEAKER_00]: Scott, meeting with you to understand
[SPEAKER_00]: triage process, how that works.
[SPEAKER_00]: I want to do this all and what I have a good understanding of our internal
[SPEAKER_00]: People process technology stuff before I start engaging with the client itself.
[SPEAKER_00]: When I engage with the client, I want to sort of, beyond just introductions,
[SPEAKER_00]: Maybe the initial call is just in your production, but I want to also sort of
[SPEAKER_00]: you know, have some slides and talks about, hey, this is the new world we're going to for intake,
[SPEAKER_00]: No longer do you just call Ethan a team.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'm being a little harsh, but this is what the intake process is going to look like.
[SPEAKER_00]: you know, maybe some forms for you to fill out when you have an idea of
[SPEAKER_00]: the new thing that you want, or maybe this is where you go to see if the system is down,
[SPEAKER_00]: or those kinds of classes of
[SPEAKER_00]: Issue the things that they can tools that we can give them to help themselves.
[SPEAKER_00]: and then if nothing works, then yes, contact Scott.
[SPEAKER_00]: or call this number, whatever it is.
[SPEAKER_00]: And so that's, I wanna reach that point before we engage with the clients
[SPEAKER_00]: And then separately I want to talk to them as well to get their side of
[SPEAKER_00]: Why is it that, what is it that is not working for them?
[SPEAKER_00]: And then,
[SPEAKER_00]: Because now right now I'm hearing your side of what's not working.
[SPEAKER_00]: I want to hear their cycle once working and then come across there.
[SPEAKER_00]: And then we can come up with a proposal for how things should change.
[SPEAKER_00]: and then start living that change, as they say.
[SPEAKER_00]: But that's a little bit wasted right now.
[SPEAKER_09]: So what's your idea on...
[SPEAKER_09]: Like as far as your time goes, I don't know what your availability is, but
[SPEAKER_09]: Like once we get you set up with access and everything, we can kind of walk you through that.
[SPEAKER_09]: Should we just create some calls for you to discuss?
[SPEAKER_00]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_00]: But my lease, once I have the account set up,
[SPEAKER_00]: and I can log in and take a look at stuff.
[SPEAKER_00]: I want to meet with Ethan
[SPEAKER_00]: had him walk me through, hey, this is what the accounting folks are using right now.
[SPEAKER_00]: Then I don't know who can walk me through the JIRA.
[SPEAKER_00]: Issues that are more specific more specifically.
[SPEAKER_00]: I want to understand that
[SPEAKER_00]: Right now, I am...
[SPEAKER_00]: schedule to spend four hours a day with you guys, you know,
[SPEAKER_00]: I have some flexibility in terms of when that is, so I can work based on
[SPEAKER_00]: what your calendar looks like in terms of eating with each of the folks.
[SPEAKER_09]: And so... Yeah, we'll get a feeling about that whenever we start.
[SPEAKER_09]: getting into talking.
[SPEAKER_09]: Are you in Central Town where you're at?
[SPEAKER_09]: I'm Mountain Tide.
[SPEAKER_09]: Mountain Tide.
[SPEAKER_00]: You know, 8 o'clock, your time, Sunday time,
[SPEAKER_00]: works for me, we can work something out.
[SPEAKER_00]: If we have a calendar that you all share,
[SPEAKER_00]: and also block off times where I have to use and maybe stop.
[SPEAKER_00]: work on that, like instead of my working hours and that kind of stuff.
[SPEAKER_09]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_09]: Yeah, I know Ethan's got his daily meeting at 8.30 our time.
[SPEAKER_09]: And then we've got weekly meetings with the team leads
[SPEAKER_09]: 9 o'clock on Mondays and 9 o'clock on Thursdays in the morning.
[SPEAKER_09]: But yeah, other than that, we can pretty much work around anything.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah, I tend to work the mornings
[SPEAKER_00]: You're gonna have to go into the building and other stuff.
[SPEAKER_09]: Yeah, that's fine with us.
[SPEAKER_09]: Yeah, perfect.
[SPEAKER_09]: Cooperate.
[SPEAKER_00]: Excellent.
[SPEAKER_00]: So I make the information on the accounts set up and all of that.
[SPEAKER_00]: I don't know if you're gonna set me up with an internal email address.
[SPEAKER_09]: I believe they are, yeah.
[SPEAKER_09]: okay yeah what's that hit with an email account and like a team's account
[SPEAKER_09]: stuff where you can IM if needed.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I have a Mac machine,
[SPEAKER_00]: Well,
[SPEAKER_00]: that I use, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_00]: We have others with Max.
[SPEAKER_09]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_09]: Not many, but...
[SPEAKER_09]: They do need to just follow that.
[SPEAKER_09]: Yeah, we'll set you up with a VM to where you can remote in and do all your work from there.
[SPEAKER_09]: Good, that's good.
[SPEAKER_00]: Okay, awesome.
[SPEAKER_00]: So then I will look forward to hearing from you.
[SPEAKER_00]: And then my next step will be to meet with Ethan.
[SPEAKER_00]: starts I you know so I'll just work down
[SPEAKER_09]: That'll work?
[SPEAKER_09]: And I'll get you a list of who's who.
[SPEAKER_09]: I don't know if I have a picture next to him.
[SPEAKER_09]: I'll get you who's who.
[SPEAKER_09]: Great.
[SPEAKER_00]: Excellent.
[SPEAKER_00]: Thank you, Chris.
[SPEAKER_00]: This is awesome.
[SPEAKER_00]: Really excited to
[SPEAKER_00]: be working with you all, it's gonna be fun stuff.
[SPEAKER_00]: Nice meeting.
[SPEAKER_00]: Nice to meet you.
[SPEAKER_09]: All right.
[SPEAKER_09]: Thank you.
[SPEAKER_09]: We'll talk to you soon.
[SPEAKER_09]: Sounds good.
[SPEAKER_09]: Great.
[SPEAKER_09]: Thank you.
[SPEAKER_09]: See ya.
[SPEAKER_07]: Bye-bye.
[SPEAKER_07]: Meeting's over.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm optimistic.
[SPEAKER_03]: What did you say?
[SPEAKER_04]: I said I'm optimistic.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_04]: That's cool.
[SPEAKER_04]: I think if he can help.
[SPEAKER_04]: help us build that middle layer out, like to actually be that
[SPEAKER_04]: customer service, product management, product analysis, triage,
[SPEAKER_04]: and actually like be at the end of the day be
[SPEAKER_04]: serving like the end user as well.
[SPEAKER_04]: Not that we're not now, but like I said,
[SPEAKER_04]: It is a big, it does create those gaps whenever
[SPEAKER_04]: we do an initial and then we're not really
[SPEAKER_04]: in that customer service realm anymore.
[SPEAKER_04]: You guys are just trying to code and develop and get it out the door.
[SPEAKER_04]: And then you're having to wear all the hats when you do get out the door.
[SPEAKER_04]: with like what's a bug, what's a new feature, what's something we need to roll up.
[SPEAKER_04]: into another iteration what's a brand new thing they want and then meanwhile you're trying to
[SPEAKER_04]: code it all to figure out I think that
[SPEAKER_04]: and just answer questions.
[SPEAKER_09]: Like I said, in the past,
[SPEAKER_09]: kind of like we had to be in the beginning.
[SPEAKER_09]: just because there was only so many people here to do it yeah and now that we're big enough
[SPEAKER_06]: and we can still grow some more.
[SPEAKER_06]: It sounds like his initial plan is to kind of be
[SPEAKER_06]: go between and then once he kind of gets a feel for what needs to happen then it can
[SPEAKER_06]: start developing the treehouse system.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, I'd be a mix of... I feel like, which I think he'll...
[SPEAKER_04]: I feel like what you're doing on the triage is exactly what we need.
[SPEAKER_04]: I just think it needs to be, you guys keep developing and then we need to sell that to the users
[SPEAKER_04]: But like, I mean, I would envision everything intake wise, like he was everything coming into triage in a tree
[SPEAKER_04]: you're determining where it needs to be flow out from there like it
[SPEAKER_04]: maybe we end up having a support team at some point that's just
[SPEAKER_04]: you just hand off to a support team that actually can answer questions, guide people through stuff.
[SPEAKER_04]: to get them through using confluence on their own, you might have a,
[SPEAKER_04]: something rounded to testing.
[SPEAKER_04]: Like if it seems like it's an actual bug, maybe you need to triage something.
[SPEAKER_04]: and then you would also have the product management that's really
[SPEAKER_04]: the ultimate user interaction.
[SPEAKER_07]: I've been doing a lot of that myself.
[SPEAKER_07]: in the triaging part of this testing and reproducing things that
[SPEAKER_07]: that they report and that seems to work pretty well.
[SPEAKER_07]: Coming from testing, it's been pretty easy for me to do.
[SPEAKER_04]: and see like every development piece we do,
[SPEAKER_04]: even if it's a bug like you find going back through like that.
[SPEAKER_04]: Product management piece and like the product manager or whatever we call it like analysis, whatever and
[SPEAKER_04]: always that user go between they're the ones that like helping build out what the iterations are what
[SPEAKER_04]: are, they're the ones doing the user communication.
[SPEAKER_04]: and here's what we're delivering, here's what it's gonna be, what do you need.
[SPEAKER_04]: And like even if you find a bug, kind of route back through them and say, hey,
[SPEAKER_04]: Changing this is this what you're saying, but let them be that go between and
[SPEAKER_04]: and kill off all the communication that comes directly to not just you but like
[SPEAKER_04]: your team, Conrad's team, Andrew's team, it just, like, it all stopped.
[SPEAKER_04]: It all goes through that plug, because right now we just assign it to the team leads if there's a plug, we can just assign it to him.
[SPEAKER_02]: And also, weirdly we have this situation like,
[SPEAKER_02]: During development phase, we have big gap between user and
[SPEAKER_02]: as developers when there is an issue.
[SPEAKER_02]: there's no gap at the immediate quality.
[SPEAKER_02]: There has to be a gap and there has to be a removal of the gap as well.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm really interested to see what he thinks about the documents that have gotten so far.
[SPEAKER_07]: and what his suggestions would be.
[SPEAKER_07]: So all that stuff is even
[SPEAKER_07]: flowcharted out in there.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, but I think he's
[SPEAKER_04]: He reckoned I mean he alluded to it in the call like he's just one person that he can't
[SPEAKER_04]: do that for everyone, but like getting it off the ground here.
[SPEAKER_04]: would be good and that's the one thing I'd like to see
[SPEAKER_04]: the board like a big picture wise if we're looking at this intake of
[SPEAKER_04]: flow that we talked about and there being a product management team we have to
[SPEAKER_04]: that team and that that might mean people from other teams that like.
[SPEAKER_04]: really feel like they're aligned with that.
[SPEAKER_04]: They would love to talk to users.
[SPEAKER_04]: They would love to be that
[SPEAKER_04]: Analysts go between that might mean that we build a team
[SPEAKER_04]: out of our other teams, out of people that really, because I want people doing like what they love to do,
[SPEAKER_04]: what they're good at doing, get people set up to win.
[SPEAKER_04]: And like if there's people on our other teams
[SPEAKER_04]: like to develop but they feel like this might be a niche then let's
[SPEAKER_04]: let them come in and train and build that out, then we can
[SPEAKER_04]: Again, I'd like to see a pipeline coming up of like
[SPEAKER_04]: That's what I really like to have.
[SPEAKER_04]: Developers are always kind of like you're doing.
[SPEAKER_04]: Developers are coming up.
[SPEAKER_04]: taking on roles that like fit them well and as we have other spots that fit
[SPEAKER_04]: and get them in a place where they can really do well and succeed and help everyone.
[SPEAKER_04]: so it might be that we have to kind of piece together the analysis team
[SPEAKER_04]: from people who would want to do it, would love to do it and do it well.
[SPEAKER_04]: And then we start bringing up more developers
[SPEAKER_04]: to fill those gaps.
[SPEAKER_04]: I don't ever want to get to a spot to where we're like,
[SPEAKER_04]: Say like I mean you coming in and working development wise I know you were fantastic and testing and
[SPEAKER_04]: I don't want to ever be like, well, he'd be good in development, but we can't lose him in testing.
[SPEAKER_04]: I don't want to be that.
[SPEAKER_04]: I want to get people where they want to be and where they can really be.
[SPEAKER_04]: be a star move, so yeah.
[SPEAKER_09]: That's why I mentioned that in the beginning.
[SPEAKER_09]: I'm like, we're not...
[SPEAKER_09]: What we haven't set up now with the different teams and stuff.
[SPEAKER_09]: It doesn't have to be what it is going forward.
[SPEAKER_09]: Like you said, we want to think outside the box if we need to, just to make that process work the best.
[SPEAKER_02]: There is no box.
[SPEAKER_02]: We would need a service and information team like
[SPEAKER_02]: Most of the calls we get from Jayak, it's like they want
[SPEAKER_02]: information from that database or something that has to be like
[SPEAKER_02]: done on the database.
[SPEAKER_02]: So it would be better to not
[SPEAKER_02]: like separate from the development team have a service information team yeah
[SPEAKER_02]: that could directly address Jeffs and Jordan's goal or any other team.
[SPEAKER_04]: I think having that division between like
[SPEAKER_04]: who's actually doing it and delivering it.
[SPEAKER_04]: and the users is like a huge because I just got an email from Joe
[SPEAKER_04]: before this meeting where he wants me to do write a query yeah and he said it
[SPEAKER_04]: It has payroll data, so it's like, I know you'll end up having to run it, so can you just do it?
[SPEAKER_04]: And some of that, I think.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's like, because he knows that like,
[SPEAKER_04]: Ethan can do this.
[SPEAKER_04]: So I'll just call Ethan.
[SPEAKER_04]: Chris can do this.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'll just call Chris.
[SPEAKER_04]: Jacob can do this.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'll just call Jacob.
[SPEAKER_04]: I don't want that.
[SPEAKER_04]: I want it to go through.
[SPEAKER_04]: a funnel that's a team and like whoever's talking like
[SPEAKER_04]: is never the person to actually deliver.
[SPEAKER_04]: I don't want Jeff to know who does what.
[SPEAKER_04]: I want there to be a person or a team he talks to.
[SPEAKER_04]: I think that's just good across the board anyway, but that's how all this ends up.
[SPEAKER_04]: In reality, he could have easily sent
[SPEAKER_04]: this request to a triage team.
[SPEAKER_04]: It could have gone through this
[SPEAKER_04]: hand it off to the developer, and even if there's not security to run it on production for the payroll stuff,
[SPEAKER_04]: It could just be like what you would normally do.
[SPEAKER_04]: You would just send me a script and say, can you run this?
[SPEAKER_04]: I've written everything.
[SPEAKER_04]: Like it doesn't have to come directly to me or directly to you.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't know how much
[SPEAKER_07]: We're talking about database, writing database queries and databases in general, and we've got two
[SPEAKER_07]: a fantastic job.
[SPEAKER_07]: And she got more involved in it.
[SPEAKER_07]: A lot of those scripts that you end up writing just because you have access to it.
[SPEAKER_07]: She's our database admin.
[SPEAKER_07]: That'd be awesome.
[SPEAKER_07]: Include her as part of the teams, as one of the teams.
[SPEAKER_09]: And even if we had, like in these specific situations where,
[SPEAKER_09]: like Ethan or whoever's writing these don't have access on production.
[SPEAKER_09]: Can't we have something, I know we've talked about doing something
[SPEAKER_09]: in the schism or whatever in the pipelines to where we can throw out
[SPEAKER_09]: Stuff like that where maybe all you got to do is click approve and then it runs it
[SPEAKER_02]: In the banking system we used to have this
[SPEAKER_02]: where whenever we have an issue on production,
[SPEAKER_02]: We, as a developer of our service, we raise a ticket
[SPEAKER_02]: and the ticket directly goes to the in-charge product owner.
[SPEAKER_02]: And when he approves, he will approve the session.
[SPEAKER_02]: for a certain time, like one hour, half an hour, whatever the time.
[SPEAKER_02]: that requires the job.
[SPEAKER_02]: And once that is done,
[SPEAKER_02]: We will also have logs that monitor our actions and
[SPEAKER_02]: Whenever you want you can just see those logs like what this exact user has done.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah
[SPEAKER_02]: From the security point of view.
[SPEAKER_04]: Something like that would be great to build out.
[SPEAKER_04]: I mean, that's another scalability thing that we're, what we're doing now isn't scalable, it's just what it's always been.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't know if this is the right place to ask or not, but I've just always been curious when you write a script like that.
[SPEAKER_07]: and then you send it to somebody else to run, don't you kind of feel like you're flying blind a little bit?
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, for sure.
[SPEAKER_03]: Definitely.
[SPEAKER_03]: when we're dealing with the employee or payroll data,
[SPEAKER_03]: tricky to know if my script is correct because
[SPEAKER_03]: Jordan a lot of times knows roughly what number he's looking for than what I'm looking for.
[SPEAKER_03]: or especially with payroll data is like millions of dollars different because it's all scrambled, you know.
[SPEAKER_09]: I kind of like that idea, though, that you were talking about, to wear it.
[SPEAKER_09]: you approve like a window of time and then just kind of
[SPEAKER_02]: After that it just expires and again you have to price another ticket for that.
[SPEAKER_04]: And we had a project years ago called like data extract that never got out the door.
[SPEAKER_04]: I do remember that.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, but that was the idea of it too, was that
[SPEAKER_04]: like you could just connect to this, and which it's still,
[SPEAKER_04]: the end goal of it is still or the the first iteration still kind of living out there but
[SPEAKER_04]: the users could connect to that service from Excel and just pull
[SPEAKER_04]: specific views we had written on SQL and they could just load an Excel sheet and manipulate it and then make their own.
[SPEAKER_04]: export files or whatever they needed to do.
[SPEAKER_04]: The idea of that was that like a developer could just write a function or a view
[SPEAKER_04]: let it get deployed and then the user does their own thing if they need.
[SPEAKER_02]: And also I thought of one more project like
[SPEAKER_02]: have a service that runs on the production side.
[SPEAKER_02]: where it just tracks the user actions.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like for example,
[SPEAKER_02]: Jeff has done some action, like he went to Jack Smith, he did click on this.
[SPEAKER_02]: and this, this, and that.
[SPEAKER_02]: And he came and frozen.
[SPEAKER_02]: When he calls us, he'll be explaining the whole thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: Instead of him explaining those what he has done we can just go to the server log and
[SPEAKER_02]: and just make those logs.
[SPEAKER_05]: And that would help a little bit with communication too.
[SPEAKER_05]: People are trying to explain what they've done to produce a bug.
[SPEAKER_05]: They miss a couple of things.
[SPEAKER_05]: and they can't replicate that bug anymore
[SPEAKER_07]: In a limited sense, some of that's...
[SPEAKER_07]: was done in the database where you would have changed by certain, right?
[SPEAKER_09]: But it's kind of like that confirmation thing that we've been chasing.
[SPEAKER_09]: what are we missing that she's been doing
[SPEAKER_07]: It doesn't catch everything.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, it just checks, okay,
[SPEAKER_07]: This data cell got changed, this data row got changed by this person at this time.
[SPEAKER_07]: You don't really know much fun on that.
[SPEAKER_07]: But it is helpful.
[SPEAKER_07]: You can at least see, oh, okay, well, I see when the last time the record was changed and by who.
[SPEAKER_07]: Now we can go back and ask them what they were doing.
[SPEAKER_07]: This way, like you're talking about, we wouldn't necessarily have to do that.
[SPEAKER_07]: We have a record of it.
[SPEAKER_04]: Make notes of all those things, like the SQL access times.
[SPEAKER_04]: the deployment approaches and the like the stack tracing and user step like logging
[SPEAKER_04]: All that stuff's good, just take note of it.
[SPEAKER_04]: Especially as we go through this with him,
[SPEAKER_04]: build out what we want our intake and flow to look like.
[SPEAKER_04]: if there's pieces like that that may not be directly part of the flow but we need to add in like we need to
[SPEAKER_04]: note that and remember it.
[SPEAKER_03]: I kind of feel like that's something he'll
[SPEAKER_03]: probably identify like if you're talking about with the logging and stuff, like that's somewhere where we're kind of lacking and I feel like
[SPEAKER_03]: maybe that's something he'll bring up that'll help us a ton with being able to communicate with the users that we can actually see.
[SPEAKER_03]: What's going wrong over the years happen and stuff walking we a lot of times like
[SPEAKER_03]: I feel like at least our team, our process is kind of
[SPEAKER_03]: I wouldn't say haphazard, but you know, we don't have like a ton of structure with it.
[SPEAKER_03]: we don't have very specific requirements for how components should be.
[SPEAKER_03]: you know implement and stuff so i write is a little bit differently so on this page we may have good error handling on this one
[SPEAKER_03]: We may not, or we may forget to add logging here.
[SPEAKER_04]: stuff and that's been that's been bittersweet over the years it's been cool because it's it's
[SPEAKER_04]: It's granted a lot of flexibility for teams and developers
[SPEAKER_04]: try new things so like we haven't learned hamstrung people on certain technologies but the other time other side of it
[SPEAKER_04]: we ended up having kind of the wild west of technology.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, absolutely.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's opened up doors for like
[SPEAKER_04]: learning new things that we wouldn't have learned otherwise but it's also made
[SPEAKER_04]: a lot of problems too.
[SPEAKER_07]: So are you talking about standardizing how apps are written?
[SPEAKER_07]: where everything has to be more on the structure.
[SPEAKER_07]: Structured and everything has to have a tri-catch and everything has to have
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, I can see it's benefiting from better coding standards.
[SPEAKER_07]: Or are you talking more like minting or things like that?
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, I feel like having better coding standards might
[SPEAKER_03]: where it doesn't really matter what language you're in, but making sure that, you know,
[SPEAKER_03]: If you're writing a service or whatever, you need to have like error handled
[SPEAKER_03]: at each step or logging it needs to be in each thing.
[SPEAKER_03]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_03]: I just...
[SPEAKER_02]: yeah like for example logging it seems like a
[SPEAKER_02]: product like we could take over and implement into the apps but
[SPEAKER_02]: It's not as easy as we think.
[SPEAKER_02]: Sometimes we might have to rewrite the whole app as well.
[SPEAKER_02]: because the app was never written to be
[SPEAKER_02]: or to include any logging system into it so yeah it's like
[SPEAKER_02]: Every user control has to be really done.
[SPEAKER_02]: and all these different platforms out there that don't talk to each other well.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, which again, if you talk to someone like some developer,
[SPEAKER_02]: If we had to rewrite this whole app, they would not agree.
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, they would agree, but it's just like, yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: it feels like a big workout a big project and once we
[SPEAKER_02]: step into that project.
[SPEAKER_02]: Again, if we are getting calls from Jeff and Jordan,
[SPEAKER_02]: It will break the mold flow.
[SPEAKER_07]: You're going to have somebody to fry in that for you.
[SPEAKER_07]: For sure.
[SPEAKER_03]: Very optimistic though.
[SPEAKER_04]: I love it.
[SPEAKER_04]: Not for good talk anymore.
[SPEAKER_04]: I think Zach got the user set up.
[SPEAKER_04]: You're probably as good to get the user's phone and whatnot from.
[SPEAKER_06]: You can ask about the log and everything.